# CHANGELOG

#### 0.9.0 2017-04-23
- **BREAKING**
  - Apps are now started with either `.node_deb.entrypoints.cli` or `.node_deb.entrypoints.daemon` and not
    `.start` or `.node_deb.start_command` in `package.json`. See `README.md` for more details.
- Fixed
  - CLI apps don't `cd` to the install root before executing

#### 0.8.0 2017-04-04
- Fixed
  - Broken `node_modules` was fixed by the addition of `--install-strategy` option
- Added
  - Parsing of `node_deb.architecture` field in `package.json`
  - `--install-strategy` to decide if a package should include dependencies or add them at
    install time

#### 0.7.0 2017-03-15
- Fixed
  - More minor `bash` errors.
- Added
  - `--output-deb-name` option to change the name of the generated debian package.
  - System V support via autogenerated `init` scripts.

#### 0.6.1 2017-03-05
- Fixed
  - Miscellaneous `bash` errors.

#### 0.6.0 2017-03-05
- Changed
  - Automatically include `package.json`, `npm-shrinkwrap.json`, and `node_modules`. These no longer need to be
    specified on the command line.
  - Allow `md5sums` to not be calculated.
  - Deprecated the `--no-md5sums` CLI arg.
- Added
  - `--no-rebuild` flag to prevent `postinst` maintainer script from running `npm rebuild`.
  - `--arch` CLI option to allow setting the architecture of the target system. Intended to be used primarily with
    the `--no-rebuild` option for finecky packages.
- Fixed
  - `node_modules` is reduced down to only the production dependencies via `npm ls --prod`.

#### 0.5.3 2017-03-04
- Fixed
  - broken `xargs` call

#### 0.5.2 2017-03-03
- Fixed
  - removed lingering usage of `rsync`
  - fixed broken `postrm` script
  - made script `shellcheck` pure

#### 0.5.1 2017-03-01
- Changed
  - `node-deb` has reverted back to using `cp` instead of `rsync` for copying files

#### 0.5.0 2016-12-21
- Fixed
  - `postrm` now correctly cleans up `/var/log/{{ package }}` on `purge`
- Removed
  - `node-deb` no longer creates `/var/run/{{ package }}`. This never worked correctly anyway on systems using `systemd`
    because of a typo.
- Changed
  - `postinst` and `prerm` default to prioritizing `systemctl` over `service` and `start`/`stop` for stopping
    and startin services

#### 0.4.1 2016-11-04
- Added
  - Included `LICENSE` in `node-deb`'s Debian package.
- Changed
  - Added clarifications to `README`

#### 0.4.0 2016-11-03
- Added
  - CLI flag to display the `README`
  - CLI flag to display the `CHANGELOG`
  - More examples to the `README`

#### 0.3.0 - 2016-10-30
- Added
  - Command line flag `--extra-files` that adds a single directory of files to the Debian package. These files are
    added to the root of the file system. E.g., if the dir `extra` contains `/var/lib/foo.dat`, then the Debian
    package will install `foo.dat` to `/var/lib/` at install time.

#### 0.2.0 - 2016-09-21
- Changed
  - Minor formatting changes, updates to `README`

#### 0.1.15 - 2016-07-07
- Added
  - Allows the default Debian dependencies in the `control` file to be overridden

#### 0.1.14 - 2016-06-16
- Added
  - The dropped commit that fixed `node_modules` install step mentioned in release notes from `0.1.13`

#### 0.1.13 - 2016-06-16
- **BREAKING**
  - The `executable` template now by default includes the `bash` variable `$@` as arguments to the `start_command`.
  This is breaking in the sense that is a user set their `start_command` to something like `node my-exe-thing $@`,
  then this change will pass the arguments twice.
  - The build step now forces the usage of `fakeroot` while creating the package to avoid `uid` and `gid` collisions
  between the environment where a package is built and where it is deployed.
- Fixed
  - `deb` packages that did not include `node_modules` did not do an `npm install` when installed with `dpkg` or `apt`.
  The `postinst` now conditionally installs based on the existence of `node_modules`.
- Added
  - Template and command line args for default environment variables. Template is empty for now.

#### 0.1.12 - 2016-06-06
- Fixed
  - `node-deb` no longer produces `jq` errors about missing `package.json` when run outside a project directory
- Added
  - Command line option `--start-command` to allow setting of the start command from the command line

#### 0.1.11 - 2016-04-21
- **BREAKING**
  - Reverting the change from `0.1.9` where `node-deb` did *not* include the `node_modules` directory. Now the default
  behavior is to include this directory and warn when it is not included on the command line.
- Added
  - Less tolerance for shell script failures both in `node-deb` itself and all templates
  - `postinst` template now runs `npm rebuild` to recompile platform specific binaries
    - This combined with the forced inclusion of `node_modules` and `npm-shrinkwrap.json` aims to make packages and
    builds as reproducible as possible.

#### 0.1.10 - 2016-03-09
- Changed
  - `postinst` now runs `npm install` with the `--production` option

#### 0.1.9 - 2016-03-08
- **BREAKING**
  - `node-deb` will no longer include the `node_modules` directory, but instead will run `npm install` during the
  `postinst` step in the install directory. Thus, if `package.json` exists, it will be auto included in the `.deb`.
- Added
  - Better script logging
  - `package.json` and `npm-shrinkwrap.json` are included by default, and warning messages are displayed if they aren't
  included
  - If `node_deb.start_command` is not present in `package.json`, default to using `scripts.start`

#### 0.1.8 - 2016-03-01
- Changed
  - Using MIT license over GPL license
  - Slightly faster copying of files
  - Slightly faster md5sum calculations
  - Support using `gmd5sum` for packages built on OSX (with `brew install gmd5sum`)

#### 0.1.7 - 2015-11-19
- Changed
  - Handling of template injection that includes shell redirects

#### 0.1.6 - 2015-10-31
- Added
  - Command line flag `--list-template-variables` so users can see which variables are injected into templates
  - Allow the selections of `systemd` and `upstart` to the `--init` flag

#### 0.1.5 - 2015-10-27
- **BREAKING**
  - Moved installed files to `/usr/share/$package_name/app/` instead of `/usr/share/$package_name/` to avoid name
  conflicts if a user has a directory in their project called `bin`
- Added
  - Command line option to list and print available templates
  - Command line options to override default templates: `--template-{control, executable, postinst, postrm, prerm,
    systemd-service, upstart-conf}`
- Changed
  - The executable's start command now defaults to `node_deb.start_command` in the `package.json`

#### 0.1.4 - 2015-10-26
- Added
  - Command line flags for:
    - `-d | --description`: Debian package description
    - `-e | --executable-name`: the name of the runnable file
    - `-h | --help`: print help/usage message
    - `-i | --init`: select init type (auto, none)
    - `-m | --maintainer`: Debian package maintainer
    - `-n | --package-name`: the named of the Debian package
    - `--no-md5sums`: disable creating of md5sums in Debian package
  - `systemd` init support
  - Ability to disable init (useful for command line tools)
  - Command line options for `test.sh` (dev only)
- Changed
  - Changed references from `binary` to `executable` (because that's what it actually is)
  - Command line flag `-N` is now named `--no-delete-temp`

#### 0.1.3 - 2015-08-31
- Added
  - Automatic removal of the `.deb` staging directory
  - Command line flag to prevent deletion of the `.deb` staging directory
  - Add md5sums for all files in the `.deb` directory to the `DEBIAN` directory in the package

#### 0.1.2 - 2015-08-28
- Added
  - Check to ensure all target files exist before building `.deb`
  - `test.sh` and `test/` for automated testing (dev only)
- Fixed
  - Correct handling of paths with whitespace

#### 0.1.1 - 2015-08-26
- Added
  - Command line flag and `package.json` field for Debian package version

#### 0.1.0 - 2015-08-26
- Added
  - Simple command line flags
  - Simple modifiers for Debian package, extracted from `package.json`
  - Templates for: Debian control file, `preinst`, `postinst`, `prerm`, `binary`, and Upstart script
